### This is Tama's OpenCollar

This is a fork of the official OpenCollar repository and is not in any way
endorsed by OpenCollar. I have created this fork for my own personal use and to
give to my friends, but anyone is free to use or redistribute it as per the
OpenCollar license. If you would like a full-perm, pre-packaged Updater box,
please send an IM or notecard to "tamakohan Resident".

Currently, the main differences from official OpenCollar are some thematic
changes in the main menu and some text strings, the ability to set a quote
(Apps > Quote, oc_quote.lsl), and an experimental system for controlling
attachments (Apps > Toys, oc_toys.lsl / oc_toys_b.lsl).

Please note that this fork contains only code taken from the official
repository, as well as code written by myself (this may change if I wish to
merge changes from some other fork of the official repository in future). All
scripts will remain GPLv2 including any new scripts I may add in future.

Version numbers will be generated by taking the official version number and
appending my own patch level to it. The patch level will reset to 1 whenever I
merge in a newer official version. For example, the first version of Tama's
OpenCollar is v7.1.1, because it is the first patch based upon official
OpenCollar 7.1. While Tama's version numbers will always compare higher to the
version number of the official release it is based upon, this does not imply it
is any "better" or "newer" than the official release, and is done to allow me
to keep track, not as an attempt to compete. I believe there is currently no
official guidance on how OpenCollar "modders" ought to assign their own version
numbers; if you're reading this and you're aware of any official guidance on
this subject (or you're part of the OpenCollar team and want to address this
directly), please let me know as I'll be more than willing to make any
necessary changes to my branding or versioning to comply.

### Welcome to OpenCollar

OpenCollar is a set of LSL scripts and related content (such as animations,
sounds, textures, graphics and 3D models) created for SecondLife.  It has many
features, but most are centered on one avatar voluntarily giving some degree of
control to another.

### OpenCollar Needs Your Help

OpenCollar is non-profit and community driven.  Its creators and maintainers
donate their time and talents free of charge.  If you would like to give back,
consider taking a look at our [open
issues](https://github.com/OpenCollarTeam/OpenCollar/issues) and see where you
can pitch in.  You can also join the official OpenCollar group in Second Life
and ask the community there how you can help support the project.

#### Finding your way around this repo

This repository is separated into resources, source code and web queries. The
directory names are self-explanatory and each has a readme attached that tells
about specific details. Resource subdirectories inform which file formats we
work with and point to other free software that can be used to create such
content.

```
./opencollar/

    > res: Resource of creative content.

        > anims: Motions and Animations as .bvh and .avm binaries.
        > models: 3D Models as .dae and .blend binaries.
        > sounds: Sounds as .wav and .aup binaries.
        > textures: Images as .png and .xcf binaries.

    > src: Source code

        > ao: The source code for the animation overrider.
        > collar: The source code for the collar device.
        > installer: The source code for the package manager.
        > remote: The source code for the remote control HUD.
        > spares: Spares and snippets for research and development.

    > web: Web queries.
```

#### Licensing Information

Scripts are all under the [GNU General Public License, version
2](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0).  Other resources are either public
domain or under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)  For full
details, see the LICENSE file.
